Pre-Dafny 4 edits - statements chapter (#3534)
dafny-lang/dafny: docs/DafnyRef/Statements.md

  ss := *;
}
```

This statement corresponds to familiar assignment or method call statements,
with variations. If more than one
left-hand side is used, these must denote different l-values, unless the
corresponding right-hand sides also denote the same value.

The update statement serves several logical purposes.

### 8.6.1. Method call with no out-parameters
1) Examples of method calls take this form
<!-- %no-check -->
```dafny
m();
m(1,2,3) {:attr} ;
e.f().g.m(45);
```

As there are no left-hand-side locations to receive values, this form is allowed only for 
methods that have no out-parameters.

### 8.6.2. Method call with out-parameters

This form uses `:=` to denote the assignment of the out-parameters of the method to the 
corresponding number of LHS values.
<!--%no-check -->
```dafny
a, b.e().f := m() {:attr};
```

> In this case, the right-hand-side must be emthod call and the number of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, the right-hand-side must be a method call and the number of
```

Within such methods one might use `expect` statements (as well as `print` statements)
to insert checks that the target program is behaving as expected.

C) Debugging

While developing a new program, one work style uses proof attempts and runtime tests in combination.
If an assert statement does not prove, one might run the program with a corresponding expect statement
to see if there are some conditions when the assert is not actually true. So one might have
paired assert/expect statements:
<!-- %no-check -->
```dafny
assert _P_;
expect _P_;
```
Once the program is debugged, both statements can be removed.
Note that it is important that the `assert` come before the `expect`, because

> to the verifier, the `expect` is an `assume`, which would automatically make

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by the verifier, the `expect` is interpreted as an `assume`, which would automatically make
```

I'm not set on this, but it might be an improvement.
